feat: add support for `n install auto`, add `N_PREFIX` cache, replace node repo with `n`, fixes #6418 (#6420)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/configuration/config.md

## `nodejs_version`

Node.js version for the web container’s “system” version. [`n`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/n) tool is under the hood.

> There is no need to configure `nodejs_version` unless you want a version other than the default version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no need to reconfigure `nodejs_version` unless you want a version other than the version already specified, which will be the default version at the time the project was configured.
```

| Type | Default | Usage
| -- | -- | --
| :octicons-file-directory-16: project | current LTS version | any [node version](https://www.npmjs.com/package/n#specifying-nodejs-versions), like `16`, `18.2`, `18.19.2`, etc.

!!!tip "How to install the Node.js version from a file"

>     There is an `auto` label (see [full documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/n#specifying-nodejs-versions)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your project team may specify the Node.js version in a more general way than in the `.ddev/config.yaml`. For example, you may use a `.nvmrc` file, the `package.json`, or a similar technique. In that case, DDEV can use the external configuration provided by that file.

    There is an `auto` label (see [full documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/n#specifying-nodejs-versions)):
```

There is no need to configure `nodejs_version` unless you want a version other than the default version.

!!!tip "Select the Node.js version from a file such as `.nvmrc` or `package.json`"

>     `nodejs_version` can be set to `auto`, which will use `n install auto` under the hood.

Reviewer 2: Probably worth either linking to `n` docs or explaining what that means. People who want this functionality may not know what `n` is or what `n install auto` does.

Author: Thanks, that's a good suggestion.
